DOCS-6895-dw-index-selector-example-kt (#1852)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/dw-core-functions-splitby.adoc

}
----

=== Example

> This example splits the number by `.` and applies the index selector `[0]` to the argument of the splitby function `(".")`. If the index is bigger or equal to 0, it starts counting from the beginning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example splits the number by `.` and applies the index selector `[0]` to the result of the splitBy function. The splitBy returns `["192", "88", "99", "0"]` so the index selector `[0]` just returns the first element in the array ("192").
```
